She thought it was an escort.
It's kind of hot.
Morning, Mr. Bridges.
Long day ahead of us.
Your door was open.
Oh, that's where I left my cards.
OK, stop looking at me or creeping me out.
What's my agenda for the day?
Yes, Mr. Bridges.
Your first meeting today is at 10 a.m.
With the founder of Starlight, and then at noon,
I have been lunch with 700 minutes.
Claire, I'm not going to let you get away from me this time.
He bit me?
That's actually got a lot.
So how was it?
I want to hear all the details,
but I have to tell you something.
Remember the alumni meet up there having tonight?
Look, I'm not going.
I can't see the whole college crowd.
I mean, not the way that things are now.
That's why I'm calling.
See, the bar that you just started working at,
they have party stairs.
The alumni party is at your bar.
And Gina, we'll be there.
What?
Shit, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I cannot serve drinks to the woman who stole my husband.
I know.
That's why I wanted to give you the intel.